# IELTS Academic 14

## The Important of children's play

- Alice had abandoned the kingdom in favour of playing schools with her younger borther: Alice 放棄了王國，而選擇和弟弟一起玩學校家家酒

### Phrases

- in favor of: in agreement with; supporting 支持, 而選擇
  - I am in favor of the plan.
### Vocabularies

- repercussion: nc. the effect that an action, event, or decision has on something, especially a bad effect 後果
  - it will have important repercussions in her adult life
- curtail: v. to stop something before it is finished, or to reduce or limit something 縮減
  - to curtail spending
- perceptions: n. a belief or opinion, often held by many people and based on how things seem 感知
  - public perceptions of the government's performance
- undertaking: n. a job, business, or piece of work 任務
  - The work was a huge undertaking.
- facilitate: v. to make something possible or easier 促進
  - Computers can be used to facilitate language learning.
  - synonym: enable
- austism: n. a condition in which people behave in an unusual way, are unable to communicate with others, and usually have difficulty in learning things 自閉症

## The growth of bike-sharing schemes around the world

- I never filed for a patent: 我從未申請專利
- why a proposed bike-sharing scheme was turned down: 為什麼一個提議的共享單車計劃被拒絕了
- People who travel on the underground do not carry their bikes around: 乘坐地鐵的人不會帶著自行車四處走動

### Phrases

- be prone to: 易於
- turn down: 拒絕
- long for: 渴望
- hand out: 分發

### Vocabularies

- consumerism: n. the state of an advanced industrial society in which a lot of goods are bought and sold 消費主義
  - the growth of consumerism
- scheme: nc. an officially organized plan or system 計劃
  - a training scheme
- initiative: nc. a new plan or process to achieve something or solve a problem 倡議
  - a government initiative to reduce unemployment
- seize: vt. to take something quickly and keep or hold it 抓住
  - He suddenly seized my hand.
- elaborate: a. containing a lot of careful detail or many detailed parts 詳盡的
  - an elaborate ceremony
- municipality: n. a city or town with its own local government 市政當局
  - the municipality of New York
- prone: a. likely to suffer from an illness or show a particular negative characteristic 易於
  - He's prone to headaches.
- vandalism: n. the crime of intentionally damaging property belonging to other people 破壞公物
  - The police are appealing for witnesses to the vandalism of the telephone box.
- theft: n. the crime of stealing 竊盜
  - The theft of the painting was not discovered until yesterday.
- abolish: vt. 廢止
- conspicuous: a. very noticeable or attracting attention, often in a way that is not wanted 顯眼的
  - a conspicuous success
- condemn: vt. 譴責

## Motivational factors and the hospitality industry

- the substance of HRM practices does not appear to be designed to foster constructive relations with employees or to represent a managerial approach that enables developing and drawing out the full potential of people: 人力資源管理實踐的實質似乎並不是為了促進與員工的建設性關係，也不是代表一種管理方法，使人們的全部潛力得以發展和發揮

### Phrases

- draw out: 提取

### Vocabularies

- acquire: vt. 獲得
- substance: nc. 物質
- retention: nc. 保留
- turnover: nc. 人員流動
- perception: nc. 感知
- dichotomy: nc. 二分法
- intrinsic: a. 內在的
- underdeveloped: a. 不發達的
- adequate: a. 足夠的
- succinct: a. 簡潔的
- predisposition: nc. 傾向