# IELTS LISTENING PRACTICE TEST 2023 WITH ANSWERS | 24.08.2023

1. Wright 2. 25 3. ~~content~~ accountant 4. Forest 5. 992471
6. Mexican ~cookery~ 7. March 8. check 9. cz943 10. wheelchair
11. safety 12. seatbelt 13. parking ~~break~~ brake 14. C
15-17. ACD 18. B 19. C 20. C
21. past mistakes 22. ~~their~~ What they thought 23. job 24. flexable and adaptable
25. F 26. C 27. A 28. H 29. E  30. ~~B~~ G
31. ~~A~~ C 32. C 33. A 34. ~~B~~ C
35. 1839 36. China 37. 3 38. 216 The 39. ~~10~~ 280 40. ~~priamry~~ William

(32/40)

## Phrases

- be accused of being unscientific: 被指責不科學
  - He was accused of being unscientific.
- What wa s in the sign of the tea shop owned by Twining?: Twining 擁有的茶館的招牌上有什麼?
- the mistress of the house hold: 家庭主婦
  - The mistress of the household is cooking.

## Vocabularies

- accountant: n. 會計師
  - synonym: bookkeeper
  - I am an accountant.
- cookery: n. 烹飪
  - synonym: cooking
  - I am learning Mexican cookery.
- brake: n. 煞車
  - synonym: break
  - I am learning how to use the brake.
- extravagant: adj. 奢侈的
  - synonym: luxurious
  - antonym: economical
  - I am extravagant.
- mistress: n. 情婦
  - synonym: lover
  - antonym: wife
  - He has a mistress.
- tea caddy: n. 茶葉罐
  - synonym: tea canister
  - antonym: tea bag
  - I have a tea caddy.
- inlocked: adj. 鎖住的
  - synonym: locked
  - The door is inlocked.
- servant: n. 僕人
  - synonym: maid
  - I have a servant.
- tempted: adj. 被誘惑的
  - synonym: attracted
  - I am tempted.
- commodity: n. 商品
  - synonym: product
  - I am selling commodities.
- brew: v. 泡茶
  - synonym: make
  - I am brewing tea.
- appeal to: v. 吸引
  - synonym: attract
  - I am appealing to you.
- basin: n. 盆地
  - synonym: bowl
  - I have a basin.
- commode: n. 洗手台
  - synonym: sink
  - I have a commode.

## Reference

- https://youtu.be/QPn9WCc9-x4?si=bs9FO3MLieP46Qo6