# # IELTS 16 Test 3

- it is possible that the scales for weighing the fat were not accurate enough: 秤不夠準確

## Phrases

- be keen to do sth: 想要做某事
- leave sb/sth out: 不包括某人/某物

## Vocabularies

- horticulture: n. the study or activity of growing garden plants
- sector: nc. a part of an area of activity, especially of a country's economy 產業
- juggle: v. to succeed in arranging your life so that you have time to involve yourself in two or more different activities or groups of people 同時應付
- rural: adj. in, of, or like the countryside 鄉村的
  - synonym: rustic
  - in a rural setting: 在鄉村環境中
-  profit margin: nc. the difference between the cost of buying or producing something and the price at which you sell it 利潤率
- ladder: nc. a piece of equipment used for climbing up and down, that consists of two vertical bars or pieces of rope joined to each other by a set of horizontal steps 梯子
- overtime: nu. time that you spend working in your job in addition to your normal working hours 加班
- artificial sweetener: nc. a substance that is used instead of sugar to make food or drink sweet 人造甜味劑
- grind: v. to rub something against a hard surface, in order to make it sharper or smoother 磨碎
- reckon: v. to think or believe 相信
- weighing scales: nc. a piece of equipment that you use for weighing things 秤
- brisking: adj. quick, energetic, and active 輕快的
- knitting: nu. the activity of making clothes, etc. by using two long needles to connect wool or another type of thread into joined rows 編織
- garment: nc. a piece of clothing 衣服
- bone: nc. any of the hard parts inside a human or animal that make up its frame 骨頭
- yarn: nc. thread used for knitting or making cloth 紗線