- the chord is cut: 談崩了
- i had totally exposed myself: 我完全暴露了自己
- pose as a kid: 假裝是小孩

## Phrases

- start it off: 開始
- a source of: 一個來源

## Words

- grasp: v. to quickly take something in your hand(s) and hold it firmly 握緊；抓緊；抓牢
  - synonym: grip, clasp, clench, clutch, seize, snatch, grab, take hold of
- enunciate: v. to pronounce words or parts of words clearly and distinctly 闡明；清晰地發音
  - synonym: pronounce
- pacing: nc. the speed at which someone or something moves, or with which something happens or changes 速度；步調
  - synonym: speed, rate, tempo
- woman-to-dude: nc. 女士對男士
- peed: v. to urinate 小便
- syndication: nc. the act of selling an article, story, or set of television or radio programmes to several different newspapers or stations at the same time （報紙、電視或電台節目的）聯合發行
- dimension: nc. a measurement of something in a particular direction, especially its height, length, or width 尺寸；尺度；大小
  - synonym: size, measurements, proportions
- sleaze: nc. behaviour that is dishonest or immoral, or that is not of a high moral standard 卑鄙；卑劣；不道德
- chord: nc. a group of musical notes that are played or sung together 和弦
- spectacular: adj. very exciting to look at 壯觀的；壯麗的；引人入勝的
  - synonym: impressive
- outfit: nc. a set of clothes worn for a particular occasion or activity 服裝；全套服裝
  - synonym: costume, dress, clothes, clothing, attire, garb, gear, getup, ensemble
- disturbed: adj. 精神受刺激的
- transcend: v. to go further, rise above, or be more important or better than something, especially a limit 超越；超出…的限度
  - synonym: exceed
- phallic: 像陰莖的
- dawn: nc. the period in the day when light from the sun begins to appear in the sky 黎明；拂曉
  - synonym: daybreak, sunrise, first light, daylight, break of day, crack of dawn
- whip: nc. a long, thin piece of rope or leather, used to control animals or attach them to a vehicle 鞭子