# In a number of countries, some people think it is necessary to spend large sums of money on constructing new railway lines for very fast trains between cities. Others believe the money should be spent on improving existing public transport.

> ielts academic 12

## Essay

In the midst of the relentless technological progress, transportation not only gets evolved but also remains a subject of debate. Some poeple argue that the necessity of spending money, establishing new railway systems for rapid connecting between cities, while others contend the upgrade of current public transport is a more critical issue. I wholeheartedly align with the latter viewopoint, believing that developing the existing systems can ofter citizens real well-being.

Reflecting on my own experience, a rapid railway system can truly offer the convenience and drive the development of realted cities. For instance, I vividly recall that it tooks more than 4 hours for my mother and I to visit my grandparents, after the construction of the new railway system, the time declined to merely 1.5 hours. Moreover, a multitude of people gained benefits from this new system. They no longer needed to pay a high rent only for living near to the company. They are able to live in suburban and take the train to work. However, It is important to return to the essence of public transpsort. If we are obsessed to build the connection between cities and do not enhance the internal system. As influx of more poeple, The city will become messy and hard to live in.

An another stance resonating with my perspective emphasizes the importance of enhancing existing public transport. As mentioned in the former paragraph, the essence of transportation is to provide people convenience rather than chaos. A clear disign of routes, an on time bus and a safe street to walk can stablize the seciety and let citizen will to live in. It not only enhances the appearance towards vistors but also fosters a stability, offering energy fot city to progress.

To sum up, Though establishing a new railway system can provide convenience and benefits for corresponding cities, making a city being comfortable and suitable to live is more pivotal. Enhaning the current public transport can improve the landscape and stability of the city and is thus one of solutions to achieve it.

## Improvement

In the midst of relentless technological progress, transportation not only envolves but also **remains a subject of debate**. Some people argue for the necessity of investing in new railway systems for rapid city-to-city connections, while others contend that upgrading existing public transport is the more critical issue. I wholeheartedly align with the latter viewpoint, believing that developing the current systems can offer citizens true well-being.

Reflecting on my own experience, a rapid railway system can indeed offer convenience and drive the development of connected cities. For instance, I vividly recall that it used to take my mother and me more than 4 hours to visit my grandparents. After the new railway was constructed, the travel time decrease to a mere 1.5 hours. Moreover, a multitude of people benefited from this new system. They no longer needed to pay excessive rents to live near their workplace; they could now reside in the suburbs and commute efficiently by train. However, it is crucial to remember the essence of public transport. If we become obsessed with connecting cities without enhancing the internal system, the city will become chaotic and challenging to live in as more people move in.

Another stance resonating with my viewpoint emphasized the importance of improving exising public transport. as mentioned in the previous paragraph, the essence of transportation of to provide convenience rather than chaos. A well-defined route, punctual buses and safe walkways can stablize society and instill a sense of well-being among citizens. This not only improves the city's apeal to visitors but also fosters a sense of stability, providing the energy for the city to progress.

To sum up, while establishing a new railway system can provide convenience and benefits for connected cities, making a city comfortable and suitable for living is more pivotal. Enhancing the current public transport can improve the urban landscape and stability, and is thus one of the key solutions to achieving this goal.

## Phrases

## Vocabularies

- exorbitant: adj. 過高的
  - synonyns: excessive, extravagant, immoderate, inordinate, unreasonable
- fixated: adj. 著迷的
  - synonyns: obsessed, preoccupied, infatuated, besotted, smitten
- flock: v. 聚集
  - synonyns: gather, assemble, congregate, convene, muster