# The chart below shows how frequently people in the USA ate in fast food restaurants between 2003 and 2013. Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant. Write at least 150 words.

> ielts academic 12

## Essay

The bar chart illustrates the frequency of eating fast food of people in the USA in 2003, 2006 and 2013. Overall, the frequency did not change following the period.

In average, it is evident that the highest distribution was observed in once a week and once or twice a month. People eating fast food once a week accounted for 31% in 2003, 33% in 2006 and 27% in 2013, while 30% people in 2003 ate fast food once or twice a month, with 25% in 2006 and 33% in 2013. Notably, There were antonishing few Americans never tried fast food, comprising 5% in 2003, 4% in both 2006 and 2013.

In conclusion, thought the proportion of poeple eating fast food did not have a significant shift in each., there were still a multitude of poeple would go to restaurant one a month. Besides, there existed few individuals who never ate fast food and lived in a heathy way.

## Improvement

The bar chart illustrates the frequency of fast food consumption among people in the USA in 2003, 2006 and 2013. Overall, the eating habits remains relatively stable over the period.

On average, the highest proportion of individauls reported eating fast once a week or once or twice a month. In 2003, 31% of respondents ate fast food weekly, a figure that increased slightly to 33% in 2006 before decreasing to 27% in 2013. Similarly, 30% of individuals consumed fast food once or twice in a month in 2003, followed by 25% in 2006 and a subsequent rise to 33% in 2013. it is worth noting that a remarkably small percentage of Americans claimed to have nevery tried fast food, comprising 5% in 2003, 4% in both 2006 and 2013.

In conlusion, while the proportions of people consuming fast food did not undergo significant shifts, a considerable number of individuals frequented fast food restaurants on a monthly basis. Additionally, a minority of respondents consistently abstained from fast food, opting for a healthier lifestyle.

- ~~the frequency did not change following the period.~~ => the eating habits remains relatively stable over the period


## Phrases

- it is worth noting that: 值得注意的是

## Vocabularies

- abstain (+ from): vi. 戒除