# The chart below shows the percentage of households in owned and rented accommodation in England and Wales between 1918 and 2011. Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant. Write at least 150 words.

> ielts adacedmic 13

## Essay

The bar chart illustrates the ratio of accommodation, owned and rented by families in Englnad and Wales from 1918 to 2011. Overall, the percentage of rented accommodation by famlies presented decreasing *tendency*, while the ability of families to buy a house gradually increased.

In 1918, most of households could only undertake renting houses, comprising 78% of households and merely 22% of families had the ability to buy houses. However, as the time went, more and more family began to undertake the price. By 1971, Families who rented accommodation and families who bought accommodation displayed the equal amount.

From then on, the number of families buying houses surpassed the number of families renting houses. Until 2011, though it was commonplace that the ratio fluctuated, families owning houses were never less than families renting houses.

Interestingly, between 1939 and 1953, the percnetage seemed never changed, accounting for 68% of renting and 32 of buying. This might imply the economy at that time did not have any progress.

## Improvement

The bar chart illustrates the percentage of households in England and Wales that either owned or rented their accommodation from 1918 to 2011. Overall, there was a noticeable decline in the proportion of households opting for rented accommodation, while an increasling number of families were able to purchase homes.

In 1918, a significant majority of households (78%) **were engaged in** renting houses, leaving only 22% of families with the capacity to buy homes. However, over time, an increasing number of families *gained the means* to make a purchase. by 1971, the proportion of families renting and buying accommodation were equal.

Following this, the number of families purchasing houses consistently exceeded those opting for rental properties. By 2011, although there were fluctuaions in the ratio, households owning their residences always outnumbered those renting.

Interestingly, between 1939 adn 1953, the percentages remained constant, with 68% of households renting and 32% buying. This suggests that the economy during that period might nit have experienced significant growth.

## Phrases

- over time: adv. 隨著時間的推移

## Vocabularies

- undertake
- surpass
- means: n. 手段
  - synonym: capacity
- outnumber: v. 超過
  - synonym: exceed, surpass