# The tables below give information about sales of Fairtrade-labelled coffee and bananas in 1999 and 2004 in five European countries. Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant. Write at least 150 words.

> ielts academic 10

> Fairtrade: a category of products for which farmers from developing countries have been paid an officially agreed fair price

## Graph

Coffee: 

- 1999: UK 1.5 millions of euros, Switzerland 3, Denmark 1.8, Belgium 1, Sweden 0.8
- 2004: UK 20, Switzerland 6, Denmark 2, Belgium 1.7, Sweden 1

Bananans:

- 1999: UK 1 millions of euros, Switzerland 15, Denmark 2, Belgium 0.6, Sweden 1.8
- 2004: UK 5.5, Switzerland 47, Denmark 0.9, Belgium 4, Sweden 1

## Example

The tables illustrates the sales figures (in millions of euros) for Fairtrade-labelled coffee and bananas in 1999 and 2004 acrss five European nations: the UK, Switzerland, Denmark, Belgium and Sweden.

In 1999, Switzerland dominated Fairtrade coffee sales with 3 million euros, while the UK and Denmark followed at 1.5 and 1.8 million euros respectively. Belgium and Sweden had the lowest sales, with 1 million and 0.8 million euros respectively. **Fast forward to 2004**, and there is a notable surge in Fairtrade coffee sales, particularly in the UK, which **experienced** a staggering increase from 1.5 to 20 million euros. Switzerland and Denmark also **witnessed growth**, reaching 6 and 2 million euros respectively. Belgium and Sweden had more modest increases, reaching 1.7 and 1 million euros.

**Turning to Fairtrade bananas**, 1n 1999, Switerland led with 15 million euros, while the UK **trail behind** at 1 million euros. Denmark, Sweden and Belgium reported sales of 2, 1.8 and 0.6 million euros respectively. By 2004, there was a substantial surge in banana sales across all countries. Swizerland recorded the highest increase, soaring to 47 million euros, followed by the UK at 5.5 million euros. Belgium and Denmark also experienced significant growth, with sales reaching 4 and 0.9 million euros respectively. Sweden, however, had a marginal decrease to 1 million euros.

## Phrases

## Vocabulary

- staggering: adj. very shocking and surprising