# The plans below show the layout of a university's sport centre now, and how it will look after redevelopment. Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant. Write at least 150 words.

> ielts academic 13

## Essay

The graph illustrates the landscape of a university's sport center in the present and the plan to upgrade in the future. Overall, the main idea of establishment is to maintain the original equipments and extend some new facilities.

It is evident that outdoor courts surrounding the center will be removed and become the basis of the extension of the center. In the east of the new center, a sport hall and two dance studios are added, while in the west, a brand new pool for leisure is built. It seems that the gym in the present is too small and the new design make a dicision to extend it.

Furthermore, in th new design of the center, before enjoying the equipment, there are changing rooms in the corner, allowing people to change their clothes. A café and a sports shop are near the changing rooms in other to serve visitors for their needs.

## Improvement

The graph illustrates the landscape of a university's sport center both in its current state and the proposed redevelopment plan. Overall, the primary objective of this project is to retain the existing facilities **while incorporating several new additions.**

It is evident that the outdoor courts surrouding the center will be **dismantled** to make way for the center's expansion. Towards the eastern side of the new center, a sports hall and two dance studios will be integrated. On the western side, a brand-new leisure pool will be constructed. It is apparent that the current gym is rather small, **prompting the decision to enlarge it.**

Moreover, in the new design, changing rooms are strategically placed in the corners to facilitate visitors in changing their attire before utilizing the equipment. Adjacent to the changing rooms, there will be a café and a sports shop to **cater to** the needs of the visitors.

- in its current state and the proposed redevelopment plan.
- ~~and the new design make a dicision to extend it.~~ => prompting the decision to enlarge it.
- ~~near the changing rooms~~ => Adjacent to the changing rooms,

## Phrases

## Vocabularies

- retain: vt. 保持；保留；记住
  - synonyms: maintain, preserve, conserve, keep, hold
- dismantle: vt. 拆除；废除；解散
  - synonyms: 
- facilitate: vt.  使容易，促進
- attire: n. 服装；盛装
  - synonyms: clothes, clothing, garments