# The charts below show the proportions of British students at one university in England who were able to speak other languages in addition ot English, in 2000 and 2010. Summarize the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant. Write at least 150 words.

> ielts academic 11

## Essay

The pie charts illustrate the percentage of multi-languages ability of British students in a specific university in England in 2000 and 2010. Overall, the capability of speaking multiple languages tends to rise slightly.

It is evident that Spanish was the top and the most popular language to speak among students, accounting for 30% in 2000 and 35% in 2010. Besides, French and German were two of main other language to speak, while both of them surpassed at least 10% regardless of 2000 or 2010. 

Furthermore, Not only more and more students could speak more than one foreign languages, with 10% in 2000 and up to 15% in 2010, but also expect for Spanish, French and German, students were able to speak other country's language, constituting 15% in 2000 and 20% in 2010.

## Improvement

The pie charts illustrate a visual representation of British students in speaking languages other than English at a specific university in England, for the years 2000 and 2010. Overall, there was a modest increase in the ability to speak multiple languages during this period.

It is evident that Spanis was the most widely spoken non-English language, with 30% of students being proficient in it in 2000, and rising to 35% in 2010. Additionally, both French and German were siginificent secondary languages, with proficiency levels exceeding 10% in both years.

Furthermore, the data reveals a notable increase in the number of students who were able to speak more than one foreign language. In 2000, this figure stood at 10%, which then rose to 15% in 2010. Interestingly, apart from Spanish, French and German, there was also a noteworthy proficiency in languages from other countries, accounting for 15% in 2000 and increasing 20% in 2010.

## Phrases

## Vocabularies